Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire™ is the second expansion for the award-winning game, Guild Wars 2. As the balance of magic comes undone, lead your allies in the hunt for the rogue god Balthazar, whose scorched-earth campaign threatens the very existence of Tyria.

Humanity has worshipped the six gods for centuries, even as their prayers went unanswered. Now the god of fire and war, Balthazar, has made an unexpected return, only to reveal himself as a ruthless manipulator with little regard for mortal life.

Tyria's heroes thwarted the first stage of his catastrophic plan to destroy the Elder Dragons—but now he's raised a zealous army to cut a path of terror and destruction across the south. You must halt their march before Balthazar sets the foundations of the world ablaze.

Balthazar threatens the Crystal Desert and adjoining kingdom of Elona with his Forged legions. Explore vast new maps filled with magic-drenched desert plains, ancient temples and ruins, and beautiful oases. Uncover the secrets of Tyria's history, and discover the fate of the Elonian people after years of silence.

Mounts are far more than a speed boost—they're a whole new way to explore the world of Tyria. Unlock and train your new companions using the max-level Mastery character progression system, and explore freely by leaping across canyons, bounding up high cliffs, and skimming over quicksand.

By harnessing the power of the sun, holosmiths can create semisolid constructs of light. They wield swords in battle and gain access to powerful light weapons in their volatile Photon Forge mode.

The legendary charr revolutionary, Kalla Scorchrazor, lends the power of her warband to revenants who summon her from the Mists. Renegades fight with a short bow, firing conjured arrows through Mist portals to blindside their enemies.

The bond between a soulbeast and their pet is so strong that they can become one in spirit. By channeling their pet, they become a single entity, attacking with fanglike dagger strikes and using the abilities of their companion and its archetype.

Weavers can attune to two different elements simultaneously, deftly cycling them from hand to hand and combining them to powerful effect. They favor swords in battle, and they channel the strength of the elements using their stance skills.

Scourges channel their life force into the desert sands to summon biddable shades that damage enemies and create shields for their allies. They use punishment skills to torment their enemies, and they wield torches to light the path to their destruction.

Mirages move through battle like shifting sand, cloaking themselves rather than dodging attacks. Their graceful, swirling axes and prismatic mirrors are as deceptively beautiful as they are deadly.

The broken weapons of the Sunspears have become daggers in the hands of their descendants, which they use to strike at the very fabric of magic and strip it from their foes. They meditate to see past their enemies' defenses, and they use their adrenaline to counter attacks.

Mercenaries for hire, deadeyes stalk and mark their targets and generate malice toward them, increasing damage and harassing them with harmful effects. They use rifles for precise kills.

These zealous lorekeepers are skilled in conjuring magical fire, and they use axes and mantras in close combat. Their virtues are replaced by conjured tomes, which act as weapons to rebuke enemies and protect allies.

Discover and earn treasures as you journey through the Crystal Desert. Outfit your character with new armor sets, skins, and weapons inspired by Elonian culture and the heritage of the desert.

Collect and upgrade armor sets and weapon skins that reflect the beauty, magic, and history of the desert.

Kick off challenging boss events whenever you're ready to take them on. Everyone can join the hunt!

Claim a beautiful new home for your guild and live like Elonian nobility.



